Display MCP servers on homepage (#3221)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/index.md

        <div class="col-12 col-lg-6">
            <div class="notification notification--lts-update" id="tile3">
                <div class="notification__content">
                    <h2>The newest LTS Update is MCP Servers</h2>

>                     <div>Setup MCP servers to help AI agents interact with Ibexa DXP.</div>

Author: ```suggestion
                    <div>Set up MCP servers to help AI agents interact with Ibexa DXP.</div>
```
